Dazhi: Hi Jeffrey and Yooni. Let’s talk about the data scraping project that you guys have. How's this project coming along?

Jeffrey: Hi Dazhi, we're a bit stuck with scraping some of the websites on our list. Some of them are dynamic, and I couldn't get the data we need.

Yooni: Yeah, and I'm new to this task, so I was wondering if you could help us out.

Dazhi: Of course, I will be happy to help. What specifically do you need help with?

Jeffrey: Well, many websites seem dynamic, so I was not able to figure out what to do to scrape them. I used a few python libraries but they are not returning me what I want.

Dazhi: Have you read into the selenium library?

Jeffrey: I have not.

Dazhi: Selenium is a software testing framework used to automate web browsers. It can simulate user interactions with a website and perform automated testing to check for errors, performance issues, and functionality. Try it for some of the websites you were talking about.

Jeffrey: Sure. Jeffrey’s first action item would be to read selenium’s documentation then. 

Yooni: So Jeffrey, have you been using the beautiful soup library?

Jeffrey: Yes, that’s one of the python libraries that I have been using.

Yooni: I kept having installation issues. I don’t know what is the issue though. My python version might be too old. 

Jeffrey: I will help you with that. I guess another of Jeffrey’s action item will be to help Yooni with installation issues. Could you update your python environment before that?

Yooni: That would be great, thank you. Yooni will update her python environment as her action item.

Dazhi: While you are waiting for Jeffrey to help you, I think you can read into Beautiful Soup’s documentation.

Yooni: Sounds good to me. Yooni will make sure to read Beautiful Soup’s documentation as her second action item. 

Dazhi: Good. Jeffrey, could you create a GitHub branch so we can track the progress of this project?

Jeffrey: Sure, I can do that. Jeffrey’s new action item is to create a GitHub branch then.

Dazhi: Another action item for both of you, Jeffrey and Yooni, is to report the progress tomorrow to me again.

Jeffrey: Sure.

Yooni: Sounds good to me. Jeffrey, could we schedule a meeting later so you can explain your previous code to me? I want to make sure I understand it.

Jeffrey: Yeah, that sounds good. Jeffrey will schedule a meeting with Yooni as another action item of mine. 

Dazhi: Alright, great. And for Dazhi’s action item, he will also add a new member to the team to help out with this project. I'll send you all updates in a week.

Yooni: Thanks Dazhi. 
