Dazhi: Hi guys, glad to see you back from Spring Break.

Jeff: Yeah I just came back from North Carolina yesterday, I got depressed again coming back to Pittsburgh.

Yooni: Haha me too. I missed staying in the pools of Cancun. 

Dazhi: Good. Let’s start our weekly standup meetings. We have a mentor meeting coming up next week and I think it would be great for us to split up our work and make progress before meeting with them next week.

Jeff: Yes. So far I think Yooni has done a great job on investigating different cloud services ASR efficiency, but the action items and agenda items are still unclear to us.

Yooni: I agree. There are many NLP services that we can explore to achieve this task. Have you guys heard about the ChatGPT from OpenAI? I think it would be a great candidate for this task.

Dazhi: Yeah, ChatGPT is amazing. I have been using it extensively for all my ACC projects. I knew nothing about Spark before and it gives me lots of great examples of Spark operations. I think it’d be useful to use ChatGPT’s APIs for extracting agenda and action items from the meeting transcript.

Jeff: Then Dazhi can you take on that task for next week? I believe ChatGPT would definitely help us a lot in this project.

Dazhi: No, I’m busy this week.

Yooni: No worries, I’ll work on it. Let’s move on to our next agenda item. We have  plan and design document due next week. Most of the stuff seems to overlap a lot with our previous documents.

Jeff: Yes, for the plan document, we have introduction, different tasks, milestone plans, terminology and acronym explanations, references, and reflection. 

Dazhi: For the design document, we have introduction, design constraints, systems architecture, data design, implementation overview, design models, test design, deployment, and tools and dependencies.

Yooni: Ok, it doesn't seem too complicated. After finishing the documents, who should submit them? I have three interviews next week so I probably won’t have enough time to double check the documents and submit them.

Dazhi: Yeah, I would also want to focus on ACC project next week. I cannot write any code without TA’s help so I will probably spend a lot of time in office hour next week. So I probably would also not be able to submit them.

Yooni: Ok, maybe Jeffrey can work on it? You can always let us know if you need any help.

Jeff: No, I also won’t be available next week. 

Dazhi: Well, then I guess we’ll just get zeros then. Do you guys have anything you want to discuss in this meeting?

Yooni: I think we are good. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of what they are supposed to do next.

Jeff: Ok byebye!
