Dazhi: Hi guys, glad to see you back from Spring Break.

Jeff: Yeah I just came back from North Carolina yesterday, I got depressed again coming back to Pittsburgh.

Yooni: Haha me too. I missed staying in the pools of Cancun. 

Dazhi: Good. Let’s start our weekly standup meetings. We have a mentor meeting coming up next week and I think it would be great for us to split up our work today and make progress before meeting with them next week.

Jeff: Yes. So far I think Yooni has done a great job on investigating different cloud services’ ASR efficiency, but the action items and agenda items are still unclear to us.

Yooni: I agree. There are many NLP services that we can explore to achieve this task. Have you guys heard about the ChatGPT from OpenAI? I think it would be a great candidate for this task.

Dazhi: Yeah, ChatGPT is amazing. I have been using it extensively for all my ACC projects. I knew nothing about Spark before and it gives me lots of great examples of Spark operations. For next week, Vincent’s action item will be investigate ChatGPT’s APIs for extracting agenda and action items from the meeting transcript.

Jeff: Thank you Dazhi. I believe ChatGPT would definitely help us a lot in this project. Ok, moving on to our next agenda item, have you guys decide what documents we should submit for the next week?

Yooni: Yeah, let me take a quick look at Canvas. Ok, we have a plan and design document due next week. Most of the stuff seems to overlap a lot with our previous documents.

Jeff: Yes, for the plan document, we have introduction, different tasks, milestone plans, terminology and acronym explanations, references, and reflection. 

Dazhi: For the design document, we have introduction, design constraints, systems architecture, data design, implementation overview, design models, test design, deployment, and tools and dependencies.

Yooni: Ok, it doesn't seem too complicated. After finishing the documents, who should submit them? I have three interviews next week so I probably won’t have enough time to double check the documents and submit them.

Jeff: I am pretty flexible in the next week so I am fine with either way. Submitting the documents on gradescope should be pretty straightforward. 

Dazhi: Yeah, I would also want to focus on ACC project next week. I cannot write any code without TA’s help so I will probably spend a lot of time in office hour next week. So I probably would also not be able to submit them.

Yooni: Ok, Jeff, do you want to submit the documents? You can always let us know if you need any help.

Jeff: Yeah sure I can do that. For next week, Jeff’s action item will be submitting the plan and design documents. I will let you guys know when I finish the submission.

Dazhi: Sounds good Jeff. Thank you very much for your help! Do you guys have anything you want to discuss in this meeting?

Yooni: I think we are good. Everyone seems to have a clear idea of what they are supposed to do next.

Jeff: Ok byebye!
