Ok let's start today's meeting since it seems like everyone is here. How was your week?

Mine was super busy with 3 midterms this week, but I'm excited for the spring break!

You have any plans?

Umm i don't have any plans right now but i will just say anything here and blah blah blah you know, it's your turn Dazhi

I'm already at Atlanta. I can't wait to leave pittsburgh

Yeah Sounds fun, mine was super busy too with all those cloud work which is still ongoing. I guess I'll also be working on the poolside while I'm at Cancun. Anyway, let's start off with our first agenda item, Duke and Duchess of Sussex asked to vacate UK home Frogmore Cottage.

Okay, The Duke and Duchess of Sussex has been asked to vacate Frogmore Cottage, the couple's official UK residence, their spokesman told CNN Wednesday. The spokesman said “We can confirm The Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Frogmore Cottage,”

That is sad. The statement followed a report in British newspaper The Sun that claimed the pair was being evicted from the property, which is owned by the Crown Estate, and that it had since been offered to Prince Andrew, one of King Charles three's brother. Buckingham Palace said Wednesday it would be offering no comment. A royal source told CNN that any such discussions would be a private family matter.

Prince Harry and Meghan now reside in the United States but had retained the early 19th century property as their UK base. Gifted to the Sussexes by the late Queen Elizabeth third, uh second, the cottage is nestled in a corner of the Windsor estate, west of London. They refurbished the property and moved in shortly before the arrival of their son Archie in May 2019. However, the renovation sparked controversy after the couple stepped back from public life and it emerged about $3 million of British taxpayers' money had been used on the cottage's refurbishments. They have since paid back the public money following their relocation to California. Seems like royal life's something that I definitely wanna try out.

Yeah, don't even mention it. Someone else paying my rent would be amazing. Works including the removal of a chimney, re finishing the roof, new staircases, fireplace installations and new “floating” wooden floor were detailed in planning application documents to the local council. The cost of all fittings, fixtures and furnishings were paid for privately by the duke and duchess. I guess we would need to finalize the account to figure out how much was paid to the duke and duchess. Can you work on that by the next meeting?

Yes certainly. The Sussex stayed at the property when they returned to the UK last year, including when they attended the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations during the summer. Prince Andrew recently resides nearby by at the Royal Lodge at on the Windsor estate. The Duke of York also stepped back from royal duties in 2019 after a disastrous interview about his friendship with disgraced financier Jeffrey Epstein engulfed the family in an unprecedented crisis.

According to the, The Sun, the couple were reportedly asked to leave the property days after the release of Harry's memoir “Spare” in January. The 38 year old royal held almost nothing back as he dismantled the public's perception of him being the fun loving, care free party prince, and delved into the devastating impact of his mother's death, his experimentation with drugs as a method of coping with grief, and his struggles at finding love. Buckingham Palace repeatedly declined to comment on the memoir.

The autobiography followed a six part Netflix documentary the couple released last year and an explosive interview with Oprah Winfrey in 2021. They alleged there were “concerns” in the royal family about Archie's skin color, detailed feelings of being “trapped” and said Meghan had suicidal thoughts during her first pregnancy. Sounds interesting, can you all watch the show by next week and share your thoughts on it?

Yep, will do so. 

Yeah, was gonna watch it anyway soon, I just haven't had a chance to find my free time.

Ok let's now move on to our next item, Alex Murdaugh guilty. Alex Murdaugh, the fourth generation lawyer whose family launch their influence in small town courtrooms across parts of South Carolina, was convicted on Thursday of murdering his wife and son, sealing the dramatic downfall of a man who had substantial wealth and powerful connections but who lived a secret life in which he stole millions of dollars from clients and a colleagues and lied to many of those closest to him.

The guilty verdicted following a nearly six week long trial, more than 20 hour, months after the June 2021 fatal shooting of Mr. Murdaugh's wife, Maggie, 52, and their son, Paul, 22, on the family's rural estate. The grisly crime had reverberated across the state, in part because of the story, storied history of the Murdaugh family, which controlled a regional prosecutor's office in South Carolina's Lowcountry region for more than 80 years and ran an influential law firm for even longer.

Alan Wilson, said “Today's verdict proves that no one, no one — no matter who you are in society — is above the law,” the state attorney general, at a news conference after the verdict. In finding Mr. Murdaugh guilty, jurors rejected his claim that he had left the dog kennels where the crimes occurred several minutes before the shootings, an assertion Mr. Murdaugh made from the witness stand only as a fallback after prosecutors played a video contradicting his longstanding claim that he had not been there at all. 

The crucial, minute long video recorded at the kennels happened to capture Mr. Murdaugh's voice in the background. It was taken by Paul Murdaugh in one of his last living moments, an act that inadvertently helped to secure the conviction of his father.


Prosecutors contended that Mr. Murdaugh had killed his son with a shotgun, then gunned down his wife with a rifle when she ran over to see what had happened. Prosecutors said Mr. Murdaugh quickly set about creating alibi, texting and calling his slain wife and visiting his ailing mother a short drive away.

Mr. Murdaugh stood silently in the courtroom as the verdicts were read. His older son, Buster Murdaugh, who had testified about how distraught his father had been after the killings, sat in the courtroom with a hand over his mouth. The jury also found Mr. Murdaugh guilty of the two counts of possession of a weapon during the commission of a violent crime. Judge Clifton Newman said he would sentence Mr. Murdaugh on Friday morning. The minimum sentence for murder is 30 years in prison, and prosecutors have said they will seek a sentence of life in prison without the possibility of parole. Dick Harpootlian, one of Mr. Murdaugh's lawyers, said he planned to appeal the verdict. Would it be possible for us to have summary of his charges and verdicts be ready in 2 weeks?

I think 2 weeks is too much, let's have them ready within a week. The trial was a reckoning of Mr. Murdaugh, who long avoided legal consequences for his stealing and lying — things he admitted to from the witness stand — and as he led a life of privilege and wealth. In addition to the stolen money, he raked in millions of dollars in genuine income in some years as a lawyer for his family's firm. Mr. Murdaugh once dreamed of following in the footsteps of his father, grandfather and great  grandfather and becoming the region's top prosecutor, but instead he served only as a volunteer prosecutor, working on a handful of cases over two decades. Nonetheless, he kept a prosecutor's badge on the dashboard of his car and blue flashing lights installed — a sign, prosecutors said, that he viewed himself as above the law.

Mr. Murdaugh was disbarred last summer after being charged with multiple financial crimes including the theft, in total, of about 8.8 million. Mr. Murdaugh claimed that he had taken the money to pay for a opioid addiction that was sometimes costing him tens of thousands of dollars a week. A prosecutor, John Meadors, gave a brief closing argument in rebuttal on Thursday, urging jurors not to believe the claims of innocence that Mr. Murdaugh had made from the witness stand. The jury of seven men and five women began deliberating just before 4 p.m.

Motive had been a question from the beginning of the case. Prosecutors argued that Mr. Murdaugh committed the killings in in a failed effort to gain sympathy and to keep his longtime embezzlement from being exposed.
But another of Mr. Murdaugh's lawyers, Jim Griffin, told jurors on Thursday that the notion that Mr. Murdaugh would try to evade scrutiny of his finances by placing himself in the middle of a murder investigation strained credulity.

Mr. Griffin asked saying “Why, why, why would Alex Murdaugh, on June 7, execute his son Paul and his wife, Maggie, who he adored and loved?”, noting the number of people who know the Murdaugh family and testified about their loving relationship. Creighton Waters, the lead prosecutor, noted Mr. Murdaugh admitted on the witness stated that he had told many lies over the years to cover up his financial misdealings and addiction to painkillers. Mr. Waters urged the jurors to avoid becoming the next ones to believe his lies. He said “Don't let him fool you, too,”

Mr. Waters told jurors that a perfect storm had been approaching Mr. Murdaugh — and, a by extension, his wife and son — on the day of the murders. Earlier that day, Mr. Murdaugh had been confronted by his law firm's financial chief, who accused him of pocketing a six  figure check that he was supposed to pass along to the law firm.

That confrontation, Mr. Waters said, was one of two inquiries into Mr. Murdaugh's finances that led him to fear the walls were closing in. The other was an effort by another lawyer, Mark B. Tinsley, who had sued Mr. Murdaugh over his son's involvement in a drunken boat crash in 2019 that resulted in a in the death of a 19  year  old woman. The authorities said the boat was driven by Paul Murdaugh, and Mr. Tinsley had been asking a lawyer to force Mr. Murdaugh to disclose detailed financial records so that he could go after Mr. Murdaugh's personal assets.

Initially, prosecutors said, Mr. Murdaugh's scheme worked: For several months after the murders, the inquiries into his finances were halted. But then, in September 2021, a employee at his law firm found a missing check in Mr. Murdaugh's office, leading to the firm's discovery that he had siphoned off millions of dollars. They forced him to rise.

The next day, in a bizarre series of events, Mr. Murdaugh reported that he had been shot in the head on the side of a rural road. It turned out, as Mr. Murdaugh admitted from a detox facility days later, that he had actually asked a distant cousin, Curtis Eddie Smith, to kill him. Mr. Ma Murdaugh said he had wanted to frame his death as a murder that so that his surviving son, Buster, could collect on his insurance policy. Much of the trial focused on Mr. Murdaugh's lies, including the one that he repeated to police in three interviews after the murders, in which he claimed to have not been at the family's dog kennels.

Mr. Murdaugh made the risky decision to take the witness stand in his own defense last week and said, in tearful testimony, that he lied to the police because he feared he would become a suspect if he acknowledged being at the kennels that night. He had said uh he had been there for a few minutes, but then had left and driven to check on his ailing mother who lived about 15 minutes away. He said he returned about an hour later to find his family dead.

Mr. Griffin addressed Mr. Murdaugh's initial statements to the police directly on Thursday, saying that the video from the kennels turned out to be the backbone of a case that lacked any other evidence. But as a longtime drug addict, Mr. Murdaugh had become accustomed to telling lies, he said.

 Mr. Griffin said, “Frankly, he probably wouldn't be sitting over here if he hadn't lied,” pointing to his client, who sat at the defense table in a brown blazer and white shirt, intently watching the proceedings. Mr. Griffin added: “He lied because that's what addicts do. Addicts lie. He lied because he had a closet full of skeletons.” Throughout the trial, Mr. Murdaugh's lawyers argued that the police was sloppy in their investigation and had focused almost exclusively on Mr. Murdaugh instead of looking for other suspects. Mr. Griffin characterized the police investigation as being driven by the concept that “useless unless we find someone somebody else, it's going to be Alex.”

In his testimony, Mr. Murdaugh said he believed the killings were probably carried out by someone seeking revenge over the boat crash. Mr. Griffin had ticked through problems in the investigation in his closing arguments, including that the lead agent, David Owen of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, gave false testimony about guns found on the property to the grand jurors who indicted Mr. Murdaugh. He also noted that the police had for months wrongly believed that blood spatter had been found on Mr. Murdaugh's shirt, when, in fact, more rigorous tests taken later showed no blood.

He also criticized the prosecution for its contention that Mr. Murdaugh's inconsistent comments about the timeline of his movements suggested that he was the killer. Mr. Griffin said “Can you imagine what he saw?”, choking back tears as he described Mr. Murdaugh returning home to find his wife and son killed. He added that “And it's evidence of guilt that he doesn't remember what the sequencing was in that moment? Is that evidence of guilt, or is that evidence of trauma?”

But Mr. Waters hammered Mr. Murdaugh on his previous deceptions, asking Mr. Murdaugh repeatedly when he was on a stand if he had looked his clients in a eye when he stole their money and suggesting that he had he was also lying to the jury. “He's fooled them all,” Mr. Waters said of the victims of Mr. Murdaugh's deset. “He fooled Maggie and Paul, too, and they paid for it with their lives.”

Isn't it tragic that a man from such a well  established family put blood on his hand?

Right who would have ever imagined. People around him would have been hard to believe. 

Would there be any movies or document documentaries being made of the story?

Oh I would certainly watch it if there's gonna be one. By the way, since we are talking about murder and blood and all those kind of stuff, I can't wait for the squid game 2 to be released.

Yeah I heard it's gonna be released late this year?

Right season 1 was so fun. I finished in a day. Binge watching is the best, not gonna lie.

Sad that we don't get those privileges anymore, because all of the work that's piled up in front of us. 

Moving on to our last agenda item about data centers. Data centers include a room or building, IT equipment, and facilities to securely house, power, and a cool that equipment. Over the years, data centers have evolved from a location of concentrated IT equipment to modular, agile, and a highly virtualized compute centers. With growing use of Web  based services, explosion of mobile devices, and ever  increasing rates of data generation ~~ the demand for new data centers continues to grow. 

One of the main contributors of the growth has been the advent of the cloud computing paradigm, in which cost effectiveness is directly linked to economies of scale and a efficiencies gained with new data center design. All layer of cloud software and services run on top of physical resources, largely servers, storage, and networking equipment, and all of these require power. This equipment also generates heat and so requires cooling. A small data center might fit in one specialized room, while a large installation might be a dedicated, warehouse  sized facility.

Data center design requirements depend on its size and use. Cloud  centric data centers could come in two varieties. An infrastructure as a service cloud provider offers a variety of machine types, and the customers pick and choose to build their own applications. Software as a service and a Platform as a service providers typically use large  scale homogenous compute nodes with custom applications that are presented to end users directly. Other types of data centers include enterprise traditional IT, which houses computers to support functions for day  to  day business operations, and high  performance computing data centers, which house large clusters of for scientific applications.

In the last 5 years, specific attention has been paid for the efficiency of data centers, dramatically decreasing their operational usage costs and carbon footprint. This increase in efficiency has led to a fast evolution on data center design, and these trends are likely to continue. Effective use of cloud resources and development of large  scale, dynamic applications for the cloud require an understanding of the physical resources that make up the cloud. In this unit, we start with trends in data centers, present components that make up a data center, and discuss data center design considerations and requirements.

If you think of the cloud as a massive computer, you can still break it down into its constituent parts—processors, memory, and switch. When you are programming for the cloud, you are writing programs that solve a problem or provide a service but with the ability to scale. A few decades ago, to be a computer user meant to be a programmer. Every programmers knew the instruction set architecture well and, because hardware resources was scarce, scarce, had to optimize in assembly language. With the advent of high  level programming languages, such as C and C plus plus, Java, and Python, why do students still have to learn computer organization, caching, and assembly language? When you know that the compiler is doing for you, it makes you a better programmer because you understand what is going on behind the scenes. Similarly, you become better at debugging. Yooni, how many leetcode leetcode questions are you working on these days? Can you make sure you do 3 questions a day so that you can find a job for the summer?

Right, I should be doing so since I'm still jobless for summer. I'll try to do 3 leetcode questions for sure so that I land anywhere that wants to hire me .. Anyway, fast forward to today, when you are developing applications on the cloud, there does not yet exist a compiler that allocates massive virtualized resources automatically to solve your specific problem. It is up to you, the cloud programmer, to do the management and to make your applications cost efficient at scale. Analogous to understanding the components within a single computer, knowing the underlying components of a data center will improve your abilities to program and debug your cloud  based applications. Most of you will never go on to design and build your own large  scale data center, but understanding what goes into implementing the underlying infrastructure will help you appreciate all of things that cloud providers are doing for you.

The term data center became popular in 1990s, referring to large rooms dedicated to housing computing and the networking equipment, though computer rooms themselves date back much further. Early computers were massive—the size of many refrigerators. They also generated a lot of heat and required clean air refiltration to increase reliability. For these reasons, early computers could not be placed into a regular office, so customs rooms were built. A lot of these same ideas go into server rooms today. The only difference is that instead of housing one computer, they hold from dozens to hundreds to even tens of thousands of servers in a single facility.

Modularity is important for data centers because it allows an organization to expand as needed. One of the enablers of a modular data center has been standardized racks onto which IT equipment is mounted. Historically, server racks have evolved from early relay rats racks found in railroad signaling. It is unclear why the railroad companies chose the original 19  inch, post  to  post width, but the same foam form factor made its way into early telecommunications and then audiovisual equipment at radio and television stations. 

Some of the advantages of Lavarack's design over common predes predecessors include: Fire safety: where Rack posts and other fittings were cast out of iron and later steel. This became superior to earlier wooden enclosures that could possibly ignite and damage all equipment inside. Next is Field assembly where Racks could be assembled using common hand tools and low  skill workers. Thirdly Regularly spaced holes which is to support a wide variety of equipment. And lastly vertical mounting surface, allowing easier installation, maintenance, and wiring. Many of today's standard, 19  inch equipment racks have evolved from Lavarack's design. Can Dazhi prepare a brief diagram of Lavarack's design? Nothing fancy, just like a simple drawing thing. 

Yea sure, I could do that. Over the past few decades, data centers have grown in both in size in terms of the number of racks and cabinets and in density. Greater density has become possible because of advances in CPUs, integrated circuits, and a printed circuit board design. This leads to faster and more powerful computers within a same area. The minimum size of of an element on an integrated circuit called the feature size has become smaller by orders of magnitude over the last four decades. Individual transistors have reduced in size from about 10 microns in 1971 to about 0.022 microns in 2014. At individual transistors get smaller, more can fit on the same silicon, so each transistor consumes less power.

Within the same thermal constraints, CPUs have gone from single core to 16 cores, with transistor counts going from millions to billions. Additionally, accelerators and coprocessors have emerged that provide hundreds of additional floating point units each, with increasing floating point operations per second, per Watt. Also, recent storage arrays have gone from supporting three or four mechanical hard drives per rack unit to 15 to 21 drives per rack unit.

Hence, although the power efficiency of individual components has improved over the years, computers themselves have become more dense, packing in more processing cores, memory, and storage per square foot. This density caused the overall power consumption per rack to rise dramatically over the last few years. This trend means that both power and cooling requirements also increase per data center. A large data center now consumes several megawatts of power, which is roughly the same power requirements of a small town.

Wow that's amazing. Certainly data centers are important in terms of cloud computing.

Discussion about cloud computing gives me a headache. I'm already experiencing enough cloud computing stuff in my life. 

Yeah, let's call it a day. I might faint soon. Have an amazing weekend everyone and I'll see you next week! Bye~!!!!!



