 Speaker 1: OK, let's start today's meeting since this seems like everyone's here. How was your week?

 Speaker 2: Mine was super busy with three midterms this week, but I'm excited for the spring break.

 Speaker 1: You have any plans?

 Speaker 2: I don't have any plans right now, but I would just say anything here and blah blah blah, you know, it's your term Dodger.

 Speaker 3: I'm already at Atlanta. I can't wait to leave Pittsburgh.

 Speaker 1: Yeah, sounds fun. Mine was super busy too with all those cloud work which is still ongoing. I guess I'll be also be working on the poolside while I'm at Cancun. Anyway, let's start off with our first agenda item. Duke and Duchess of Sussex asked to vacate. You came home Frogmore College.

 Speaker 3: OK, the Duke and Duchess of Sussex has been asked to vacate Frogmore College, the couple's official UK resident their spokesman to seeing Wednesday.

 Speaker 3: The spokesman said. We can confirm the Duke and Duchess of Sussex have been requested to vacate their residence at Brockmore College.

 Speaker 2: That is said the statement followed reporting British newspaper the song that claimed the peer was being evicted from a property which is owned by the Crown Estate and that it had since been offered to Prince Andrew. One of King Charles Three's brother, Berkingham Palace, said Wednesday it would be offering no comments.

 Speaker 2: A royal source told CNN that any such discussions would be a private family matter.

 Speaker 1: Prince Harry and Megan now reside in the United States, but had retained the early 19th century property as a UK base, gifted to the susexes by the late Queen Elizabeth. Third the second, the cottage is nestled in 1/4 of the Windsor's estate, West of London. They refurbish the property and moves in shortly before the arrival of their son Archie in May 2019.

 Speaker 1: However, the renovation sparked controversy after the couple stepped back from public life and it emerged about $3 million of British taxpayers money had been used under college refurbishments. They have since paid back the public money following their relocation to California. Seems like loyal life, something that I definitely wanted to try out.

 Speaker 3: Yeah, don't even mention someone else. Paying my rent would be amazing.

 Speaker 3: Works including the removal of chimney, refinishing the roof, new staircases, fireplace installations, new floating wooden floor with detailing, planning application documents to the local council. The course of all fillings, pictures and furnishings were paid for privately by the Duke and Duchess. I guess we will need to finalize the county figure how much was paid to the Duke and Duchess. Can you work on that by the next meeting?

 Speaker 2: Yes, certainly.

 Speaker 2: The Susex stay at a property when they returned to the UK last year, including when they attended the Queen's Platinum Jubilee celebrations during the summer. Prince Andrew recently resigns nearby at the Royal Lodge at on the Windsor Estate. The Duke of York also stepped back from royal duties in 2019 after a disastrous interview about his friendship with disgrace financial Jeffrey Epstein.

 Speaker 2: In both the family in unprecedented crisis.

 Speaker 1: According the to the son, the couple were reportedly asked to leave the property days after the release of Harry's memoir spare in January. The 38 year old royal held almost nothing back as his dismantle the public's perception of him being the fun loving, carefree party Prince engulfed into the devastating impact of his mother's death, his experimentation with drugs as a method of coping with grief, and his struggles at finding love.

 Speaker 1: Buckingham Palace repeatedly declined to comment on the memoir.

 Speaker 3: The autobiography follow the six part Netflix documentary The couple released last year and explosive interview with Opera Winfrey in 2021. They allege there were concerns in the royal family about artists, skin colors, detailed feelings of being trapped and said Megan has suicidal souls to increase her first pregnancy.

 Speaker 3: Something interesting. Can you all watch the show by next week and share your thoughts on it?

 Speaker 2: Yep, but do so.

 Speaker 1: Yeah, I was gonna watch it anyway soon. I just haven't had a chance to find my free time.

 Speaker 3: OK, let's now move on to our next item, Alex Myrtle, guilty. Alex Myrtle, the first generation lawyer whose family launched their influence in small town call rooms across part of South Carolina, was convicted on Thursday of murdering his weapons dog.

 Speaker 3: Stealing the dramatic downfall of a man who has substantial wealth and powerful connections, but who lived a secret life in which he stole millions of dollars from clients and colleagues and lie to many of those closest to him.

 Speaker 2: The guilty verdict is following a nearly six week long trial more than 20 hour months after the June 2021 fatal shooting of Mr. Miller's wife Maggie, 52, and your son Paul, 22.

 Speaker 2: On the family royal estate, the grisly crime had reverberated across the state, in part because of the story story history of the murder family, which controlled a regional prosecutor's office in South Carolina Low Country region for more than eight years and ran an influential law firm for even longer.

 Speaker 1: Alan Wilson said today's verdict proved that no one, no one, no matter who you are in society, is above the law. The state Attorney general at a news conference after the verdict in finding Mr. Martos guilty, jurors rejected his claim that he had left the dog kennels where the crimes occurred several minutes before the shootings. An assertion Mr. Marto made from the witness stand only as a fall back after prosecutors played a video contracting his longstanding claim that he had not been there at all.

 Speaker 3: The crucial many long video recorded at the channels happened to capture Miss Murdoch's voice in the background. It was taken by poor model in one of his last living moment, an act that inadvertently helped to secure the conviction of his brother.

 Speaker 2: Prosecutors contended that Mr. Murdoch had killed his son with a shotgun, then gunned down his wife with a rifle. When she ran over to see what had happened, prosecutors said Mr. Murdoch quickly sat about creating alibi.

 Speaker 2: Texting and calling his sling wife and visiting his ailing mother a short drive away.

 Speaker 1: Mr. Marto stood silently in the courtroom as the verdicts were read. His older son, Buster Marto, who had testified about how distraught his father had been after the killings, sat in the courtroom with the hand over his mouth. The jury also found Mr. Marto guilty of the two counts of possession of a weapon during the Commission of a violent crime. Judge Clifton Newman said he would sentence Mr. Marto on Friday morning.

 Speaker 1: The minimum sentence for murder is 30 years in prison and prosecutors have said they will seek a sentence of life in prison without the possibility of peril. **** Harpo Tillen, one of Mr. Martyr's lawyers, said he planned to appeal the verdict. Would it be possible for us to have summary of his charges and verdicts be ready in two weeks?

 Speaker 3: I think 2 weeks is too much. Let's have them ready within a week. The trial was the reckoning of Miss Murder will not avoid legal consequences for stealing a lie. Think committed to from the witness then.

 Speaker 3: And as he led a life of privilege and wealth in addition to his stolen money, he raking millions of dollars to genuine income in some years as a lawyer for his family's firm, Mr. Merlot once dreamed of following in the full steps of his father, grandfather and great grandfather and becoming the region's top prosecutor. But instead he's only as a volunteer prosecutor, working on the handful of cases over 2 decades nonetheless.

 Speaker 3: He kept the prosecutor's batch on the dashboard of gift card and blue flashing lights, a sign, prosecutor said, that he viewed himself as above the law.

 Speaker 2: Mr. Murdoch was disbarred last summer after being charged with multiple financial crimes, including theft, in total of about 8.8 million. Mr. Murdoch claimed that he had taken the money to pay for opioid addiction. That was something costing him 10s of thousands of dollars a week. A prosecutor.

 Speaker 2: John Meadors gave a brief closing argument in rebuttal on Thursday, urging jurors not to believe the claims of innocence that Mr. Mirro had made from the witness stand. The jury of seven men and five women began deliberating just before 4:00 PM.

 Speaker 1: Mode of having a question from the beginning of the case, prosecutors argued that Mr. Marto committed the killings and fit in a field effort to gain sympathy and to keep his long time embezzlement from being exposed.

 Speaker 1: But another Mr. Marto's lawyers, Jim Griffin, told jurors on Thursday that the notion that Mr. Marto would try to evade scrutiny of his finances by placing himself in the middle of murder investigation strain credulity.

 Speaker 3: Mr. Griffin asking why? Why? Why when Alex murder on June 7th, execute his uncle and his wife Maggie, who he adored in love, noting the number of people who know the murder family and testified about their loving relationship.

 Speaker 3: Waters, the LED prosecutor, noted Mr. Model admitted on the witness stated that he had told many likes over the years to cover up his financial miss dealings and addiction to pink killers. Mr. Waters urged the jurors to avoid becoming the next one to believe his life, he said. Don't let him for you to.

 Speaker 2: Mr. Waters told jurors that a perfect storm had been approaching Mr. Model, and by extension his wife and son, on the day of the murders.

 Speaker 2: Earlier that day, Mr. Milan had been confronted by his law firm's financial chief, who accused him of pocketing A6 figure check that he was supposed to pass along to the law firm.

 Speaker 1: That confrontation, Mr. Waters said, was one of the two enquiries into Mr. Marto's finances that led him to fear the walls were closing in.

 Speaker 1: The other was an effort by another lawyer, Mark B Tensley, who had sued Mr. Marto over his son's involvement in a drunken boat crash in 2019 that resulted in the death of a 19 year old woman. The authorities that the boat was driven by Paul Marto and Mr. Tensley had been asking a lawyer to force Mr. Marto to disclose the detailed financial records so that he could go after Mr. Marto's personal assets.

 Speaker 3: Initially, prosecutors that Mr. Merno scheme worked.

 Speaker 3: Several months after the murders, the increase in his finances were hauling. But then, in September 2021, an employee at his law firm found a missing check in Miss Murders office, leading to the firm's discovery that he had a cycle of millions of dollars they forced him to run.

 Speaker 2: The next day, in a bizarre series of events, Mr. Madoff reported that he had been shot in the head on the side of the rural Rd.

 Speaker 2: It turned out, as Mr. Murdoch admitted from a detox facility days later, that he had actually asked a distant cousin, Curtis Addie Smith, to kill him. Mr. Murdoch said he had wanted to frame his death as a murderer that so that he's surviving some Buster could collect on his insurance policy. Much of the trial focused on Mr. Murdoch's lies.

 Speaker 2: Including the one that he repeated to police in three interviews after murders in which he claimed to have not been at a family dog kennels.

 Speaker 1: Mr. Morrow made the risky decision to take the witness stand in his own defense last week and said in tearful testimony that he lied to the police because he feared he would become a suspect if he acknowledged being at the kennels that night.

 Speaker 1: He had said he had been there for a few minutes but then had left and driven to check on his ailing mother, who lived about 15 minutes away. He said he returned about an hour later to find his family dad.

 Speaker 3: Mr. Griffin addressed Miss Murder initial statements to the police directly on Thursday, saying that the video from the candles turn out to be the backbone of a case that, like any other evidence but as a longtime drug addict, Mr. Murder has become accustomed to telling light, he said.

 Speaker 2: Mr. Griffin said frankly, he probably wouldn't be sitting over here if he hadn't lied, pointing to his client was sat at the defense table in a bronze blazer and white shirt, intensely watching the proceedings. Mr. Griffin added he lied because that's what a ***** do, a ***** lie. He lied because he had a closet full of skeletons.

 Speaker 2: Throughout the trial, Mr. Murdoch lawyers argued that the police was sloppy in their investigation and had focused almost exclusively on Mr. Murdoch. Instead of looking for other as suspects, Mr. Griffin characterized the police investigation as being driven by the concept that useless, unless we find someone, somebody else, it's going to be Alice.

 Speaker 1: In his testimony, Mr. Morrow said he believed the killings were probably carried out by someone seeking revenge over the boat crash.

 Speaker 1: Mr. Griffin had ticked through problems in the investigation and his closing arguments, including that the lead agents, David Owen of the South Carolina Law Enforcement Division, gave false testimony about guns found on the property to the grand jurors who indicted Mr. Marto. He also noted that the police had for months wrongly believed that blood spatter had been found on Mr. Marto's shirt, when in fact more rigorous tests taken later showed no blood.

 Speaker 3: He also criticized the prosecution for his contention that means murder. Inconsistent comments about the timeline of his movements suggested that he was the killer, Mr. Griffin said. Can you imagine what he saw choking back tears as he described Miss Murder returning home to find his wife and son killed, he added that, and it's evidence of guilt that he doesn't remember. What the sequence he was in that movement is that evidence of guilt or is that evidence of trauma?

 Speaker 2: But Mr. Waters hammered Mr. Murdoch on his previous deceptions, asking Mr. Muddle repeatedly when he was on a stand if he had looked his clients in the eye when he stole their money, and says suggesting that he had. He was also lying to the jury. He's fooled the mall, Mr. Waters said of the victims of Mr. Murdoch's desserts. He fooled Maggie and Paul too, and they paid for it with their lives.

 Speaker 1: Isn't it tragic that a man from such a well established family put blood on his head?

 Speaker 3: Right. Who would have ever imagined people around him would have been hard to believe? Will there?

 Speaker 2: Be any movies or documents, documentary is being made off the story.

 Speaker 1: Oh, I was certainly watch it if there's gonna be 1. By the way, since we're talking about murder and blood and all those kind of stuff, I can't wait for the squid game two to be released.

 Speaker 3: Yeah, I heard it's gonna be released lately this year.

 Speaker 2: Right. Season one was so fun. I finish in the day. Binge watching was the best. Not gonna lie.

 Speaker 1: Sad that we don't get those privileges anymore because all of the work that's piled up in front of us.

 Speaker 3: Moving on to our last agenda item about data centers. Data centers include a room or building IT equipment and facilities to securely cause power and the code equipment.

 Speaker 3: Over the years, data centers have evolved from a location of concentrated IT equipment to modular, agile and the highly virtualized compute standards with green use of web-based services, explosion on mobile devices and ever increasing rates of data generation the dependent for new data center.

 Speaker 2: Continues. One of the main contributors of the growth has been the advent of the cloud computing paradigm.

 Speaker 2: In which cost effectiveness is directly linked to economies of scale and efficiencies gained with new data center design. All layer of cloud software and services run on top of physical resources, largely servers, storage and networking equipments, and all of these require power.

 Speaker 2: This equipment also generates heat and so requires cooling. A small data center, my fitting 1 specialized one, while a large installation might be a dedicated warehouse sized facility.

 Speaker 1: Data center design requirements depend on its size and use. Cloud Center data centers could come in two varieties. An infrastructure as a service class provider offers a variety of machine types, and the customers pick and choose to build their own applications.

 Speaker 1: Software as a service and a platform as a service. Providers typically use large scale, homogeneous compute nodes with custom applications that are presented to end users directly. Other types of data centers include enterprise traditional it, which houses computers to support functions for day-to-day business operations, and high performance computing data centers, which house large clusters of four scientific applications.

 Speaker 3: In the last five years, specific attention has been paid for the visions of data centers.

 Speaker 3: Dramatically decreasing the operational usage costs and carbon footprint. This increasing efficiency has led to a fast evolution on data center design and these trends are likely to continue. Effective use of cloud resources and development of large scale dynamic applications for the cloud required understanding of the physical resources that make up the cloud. In this unit. We start with trends in data centers, present components that make up the data centers and discuss.

 Speaker 3: Design considerations and requirements.

 Speaker 2: If you think of the cloud as a massive computer, you can still break it down into its constituent parts, processors, memory, and switch. When you are programming for the cloud, you're writing programmers that solve a problem or provide a service, but with the ability to scale. A few decades ago, to be a computer user meant to be a programmer, every programmer knew the instruction set architecture well and because hardware resources were scarce.

 Speaker 2: Scars had to optimize in assembly language with the advents of high level programming languages such as C&C, Java and Python. Why do students still have to learn computer organization, caching and assembly language when you know that the compiler is doing for you and makes you a better programmer because you understand what is going on behind the scenes. Similarly you become better at debugging unique.

 Speaker 2: How many legal questions are you working on these days? Can you make sure you do 3 questions a day so that you can find a job for the summer?

 Speaker 1: Right, I should be doing so since I'm still jobless for summer. I'll try to do 3 little questions for sure so that I lend anywhere that wants to hire me. Anyway, Fast forward to today when you are developing applications on the cloud, there does not yet exist a compiler that allocates massive virtualized resources automatically to solve your specific problem.

 Speaker 1: It is up to you, the cloud programmer, to do the management and to make your applications cost efficient at scale. Analogous to understanding the components within a single computer, knowing the underlying components of a data center will improve your abilities to program and debug your cloud based applications. Most of you will never go on to design and build your own large scale data center, but understanding what goes into implementing the underlying infrastructure will help you appreciate all things that cloud providers are doing for you.

 Speaker 3: The term data center became popular in 1990s.

 Speaker 3: Referring to large rooms dedicated to housing, computing and the networking equipment, though computer rooms themselves date back much further. Early computers were massive, the size of manual refrigerators. They also generate a lot of heat and require clean air refrigeration to increase reliability. For this reason, early computer could not be placed into a regular office, so customs rooms were built. A lot of these same ideas go into server rooms today.

 Speaker 3: The only difference is that instead of housing one computer, they hold from dozens to hundreds to even 10s of thousands of servers in a single facility.

 Speaker 2: Modularity is important for data centers because it allows an organization to expand as needed. One of the enablers of a modular data center has been standardized racks onto which IT equipment is mounted.

 Speaker 2: Historically, silver racks have evolved from early relay racks, racks found in railroad signaling. It is unclear why the railroad companies chose the original 19 inch post to post with, but the same form form factor made its way into early telecommunications and then audio, visual equipments, and radio and television stations.

 Speaker 1: Some of the advantages of lab racks design over common products.

 Speaker 1: Others include fire safety, where rack posts and other footings were cast out of our in and later steel. This became superior to earlier wooden enclosures that could possibly ignite and damage all equipment inside Nexus Field assembly where racks could be assembled using common hand tools and low skilled workers. Thirdly, regularly spaced holes which is to support a wide variety of equipment. And lastly vertical mounting surface allowing easier installation, maintenance and wiring.

 Speaker 1: Many of today's standard 19 inch equipment racks have evolved from lab racks design can touch you. Prepare a brief diagram of lab racks design. Nothing fancy, just like a simple drawing thing.

 Speaker 3: Yeah, sure, I can do that. Over the past few decades, data centers have growing both in size in terms of the number of racks and tablet, and intensity. Greater density has become possible because of advances in Cpu's, in the grid circuit and a printed circuit board design.

 Speaker 3: This leads to faster and more powerful computers within the same area. The minimum size of of an element on an integrated circuit called the feature size has become smaller by orders of magnitude over the last four decades. Individual transistors has reduced in size from about 10 microns in 1971 to about 0.022 microns in 2014. But individual transistors get smaller. More can spit out The Sims silicon, so each transistor consumes less power.

 Speaker 2: Waiting the same thermal constraints, Cpu's have gone from single core to 16 cores, with transistor counts going from millions to billions. Additionally, accelerators and coprocessors have emerged that provide hundreds of additional Floating Points units, each with increasing floating point operation per second per watts.

 Speaker 2: Also, recent storage arrays have gone from supporting 3 or 4 mechanical hard drives per rack units to 15 to 21 drives per rack unit.

 Speaker 1: And so, though the power efficiency of individual components has improved over the years, computers themselves have become more dense, packing in more processing cores, memory, and storage per square foot. This density caused the overall power consumption per rack to rise dramatically over the last few years.

 Speaker 1: This trend means that both power and cooling requirements also increase. Per data center, a large data center now consumes several megawatts of power, which is roughly the same power requirements of a small town.

 Speaker 3: Well, that's amazing. Data centers are important in terms of cloud computing.

 Speaker 2: Discussion about cloud computing gives me a headache, and we're already experiencing, you know, cloud computing stuff in my life.

 Speaker 1: Yeah, let's call it a day on my fame soon. Have an amazing weekend, everyone else. See you next week. Bye.

 Speaker 3: Show me Akshay.

